c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.pdb
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.dll
c:\users\parviz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.pdb
C:\Users\Parviz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\DotLiquid.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.pdb
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.pdb
C:\Users\Parviz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Parviz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\NCalc.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\NCalc.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.pdb
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\NCalc.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.dll
D:\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.pdb
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\PDALEngine.pdb
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\DotLiquid.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\NCalc.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\obj\Debug\PDALEngine.pdb
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\PDAEngine\PDALEngine\PDALEngine\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
